# 4ME302-assignment3

Description: The purpose of this assignment is to assess your knowledge and skills when it
comes to system extensibility and the use of web APIs and data formats. Thus, your task in this
final project is to design and implement an application that consumes JSON, XML and CSV
data, manipulates and represents the retrieved data via different visualization methods
according with different desired aims. 

Your application should meet the requirements below and
rely on web API from either one of the projects described in Appendix A and B. For inspiration
purposes, in order to identify available and adequate APIs for this purpose please refer to the
directory available at: http://www.programmableweb.com/apis
The application you will implement should fulfill the following global requirements:

A. To be designed, implemented and documented:
  a. Provide an authentication mechanism to grant access to different parts of the
     application (reuse implementation from Assignment 2 for user management).
  b. Consume existing media files via a provided web API (reuse implementation
     from Assignment 2 for video presentation).
  c. Offer mechanisms for data visualization (for patients, doctors and researchers)
     (minimum 2 out of the following 3 must be implemented).
     i. Patients: Should see the visualization of metadata about exercise data
        generated by themselves (ex. Number of exercise session per day/week/month,
        visualize date time exercises happened etc).
    ii. Doctor: Should see the actual exercise data from his patient. For
        instance, drawing a spiral exercise data (cf. the paper from the first assignment)
        or tapping exercise (cf. the paper added for this assignments).
   iii. Researcher: Should have the possibility to see the same data as the
        doctor, but he should also have a geographic overview of the patients and should
        be able to pick patients visualized in the map.
  d. Offer mechanisms for data annotation (for the researcher).

B. To be designed and documented (implementation is not required):
  a. Offer mechanisms for specific semantic web features (include a scenario
     describing the need for semantic features).
  b. Offer mechanisms for smart/complex data search

C. Be online and its source code available in GitHub.
